Update SSD1306 tutorial for pixel-display v2 (#465)
toitware/web-docs: docs/tutorials/hardware/ssd1306.mdx

  `LAYOUT-SEQUENTIAL-SWITCHED`, `LAYOUT-ALTERNATED`, or
  `LAYOUT-ALTERNATED-SWITCHED`.

For this simple example, we don't create a style object. We just
pass the color to the constructor of the `Label`.

> We add the label to the display.  Inside the loop the

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
We then add the icon-label to the display and start a loop. For each iteration, the
```
